hey guys it's katie and my hand sir is a
syrian somewhat long hair and his name
is Samson he has cute red eyes just like
his twin brother and his mom and we got
the brother for my sister Olivia and
they looked exactly like like I said and
he kind of looks like his mom to with
the voice and they all have red eyes I
see yes they have a lot of energy there
are three months old they're both boys
and they love just running around mine a
little bit more um calmer than Olivia
hers is so energetic you can get it
stopped running and wheels um retaining
him and trying to get him used to being
held cuz when we first got on he was
jumping jumping out at our hands
flipping out our hands um but he this is
day three we got him so we're starting
to handle him today and he's getting
used to against handles you just need to
work with him he's still a little jumpy
it'll just take a few maybe a few weeks
and he'll be super nice and let you hold
them
we're doing this so he can have a little
fun and play and he won't be landing on
a hard carpet or hardwood floors he
would be landing on a soft bed Samson's
out right now and we're just gonna get
some juice up so me right back hey guys
this is Zeus and he's a Syrian short
haired and he has a twin brother which
is Katie Teamster Samson he is the more
active one where he like runs crazy and
I like that because i like clermont him
all the time so he's the right hamster
for me we kept them in their cages for
about two and a half days so they can
get used to a cage and it will be less
stressful for them when you start taming
them and once you start table obviously
they're gonna get score me a little and
when you touch them they're gonna look
back at you because like they will
obviously having been times when they
weren't cages at the pet store Sampson
and Zeus was our Easter present and
we're very happy that we got our own
hamsters so we can like take care of
them ourselves and I think it's gonna be
really fun the question of the video is
how did you pick out your hamster how
will you pick out your Hampton leave the
comments below thank you guys for all
the nice comments about mocha and you
still really miss them